Written reflection for Week02: HeapifyUp
Upon reflecting on week00 and week01 assignments, I surprised myself with the accuracy. I think that 
my biggest issue is that I continue to think I am new to programming, and I will learn about accessors 
later, but THIS is the time I need to be researching these questions and topics. I also don’t give myself 
enough credit when completing assignments, I am so negative about the code I am writing, I just have no 
confidence. I would love to see my java coding confidence improve over this summer course, it is so tiring 
not having the right amount of knowledge about methods and getters etc. My code had good comments, it ran with 
accuracy, and it was written in an efficient manner. When I am sitting in class, watching you code, it all makes 
sense to me, like I tell myself why wouldn’t a coder write that line. But when I am by myself, writing code, nothing
comes to mind and I end up taking so much longer finding the answer than I really need. It’s not so much that I
procrastinate with coding work, but it’s that I study the code, I understand what each line does, and then I am stuck, 
I don’t know all the rules of when to use .equals or == (like I know the difference between that example specifically).
Like in class on Tuesday you wrote code with a System.out.println(); and you really should’ve used return “”; you caught 
your mistake so quickly. If that was me I would have to reanalyze my entire code. It just doesn’t stick out to me. I also 
don’t know short cuts like when you type a main method in 4 key taps. I suppose all of this means I am inefficient in 
coding, and I know I will eventually learn it, but there’s so many little rules and things to keep in mind when coding 
I get overwhelmed and then it takes me forever to write code.

This reflection really helped to realize my overall confidence issue when it comes to coding, and not so much about the
coding itself! I think this will be a very blatent issue that'll highlight my overall succcess in coding at the end of the
semester.