Final Reflection over the semester:
Attendance: My Attendance was pretty spotless throughout the semester! I missed one class at the start due to a vacation
my friends and I planned months before I was aware of our summer class schedule. I did notify you and I think it was an
excused absence. I then missed the last 2 classes of the semester due to hospital visits. I did recieve a doctors note for
(8/29) and (8/30) which were the two classes I missed. Let the records show I did attend Mondays class meeting and I sent
you a copy for the doctors note.

Participation: I'd like to think I belong in the top 5 for student particiaption throughout the semester. I vividly recall
a particular class session where it was me and you talking/discussing how to write code for a mergeSort assignment if I
remember correctly, for pretty much the entire class time. I was never afraid to voice my opinions/thoughts when you 
asked a question. I also utilized your office hours when I had problems/questions, and stayed very engaged throughout
the whole semester. I would proudly say that I carried the class with answering questions, and my impact was beneficial to
not only the class in general, but helping me think in different perspectives to answer your questions.

Presence and Focus: In the few times that you did have to call on me to hear my thoughts, I was ready to answer and I 
didn't have to stall time in order to chat gpt the answer, I said what I thought and more often than not, I was on the
right track, partially thanks to you "guiding" me into the right direction. 

Assignments: Out of all the assignments we had to do, I only had an issue with 2 assignments on behalf of GitHub. For one
assignment I must not have saved my changes and lost all my progress. Thankfully we met during office hours and you somehow
found my lost work! The second assignment my code spaces was trying to charge me for usage but that resolved on its own.
It did however affect my assignment because I wrote my code submission in a google doc(I do not reccomend) and I ended up
losing my work. Thats on me regardless because I should have waited to do my work in codespaces but some complications
came up. As for the other assignments, they were all correct, and they all passed the testing code. My reflections were
thought out, and while I was writing my reflections, I had your answer key side by side with my submission, comparing line
by line, character by character, and seeing how the differences influenced the overall code.

Reflection and Growth: I absolutely loved you as a professor! You made the summer semester very manageable with the 
workload and you made summer still feel like summer! I remember you subbing for Professor Viswanathan, who is another
favorite professor of mine on campus, and asking you what classes you would be teaching in the future so I could be in
your class! I have learned more in this summer class then over half of my other computer sicence classes combined! 

Code Quality: My code quality has been very on point, I do the assignment myself, maybe asking chat gpt for STRICTLY
QUESTIONS, never to do the assignment for me. I then keep a notebook next to me, writing down helpful notes based on the
code I wrote, and a small summary of the changes I inputted just incase I am selected for the final to meet with you! 

Final Thoughts: Due to my 1 incompleted assignment due to codespaces being down(still my fault of course), and my 3 missed
classes, excused or not, I think I deserve a B in the class. I did my best during class time to stay focused, and I had my
notebook beside me every class time for important tips, tricks, and general knowledge about what you were teaching for
that day. I appreciate you working with me as I had some technical difficulties with GitHub here and there, or questions I
had after class time. You are not only a wonderful preofessor, but a wonderful person in general and I wish you the best 
with your pilot career.

Based on the above, I propose a B as my final grade.

Enjoy the rest of your summer and thank you for a wondersul semester of Java!